Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: sportsCommand
Version: 1.0
Summary: Sports news aggregator for the command line.
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: David Archuleta
Author-email: davearch@email.arizona.edu
License: UNKNOWN
Description: SportsCommand
        
        Hack Arizona Hackathon 2015
        
        download it from this repository:
        git clone git@github.com/davearch/clsports
        
        
        install the python packages from the root of tbe directory:
        python setup.py install
        
        
        I have only tested this program on Slackware Linux,
        so I'm not sure how it will work out on other platforms.
        
        the program spits out an interactive script and
        calling "which clsportsClient" should give you:
        /usr/bin/clsportsClient
        
        
        simply typing the command clsportsClient should bring up the program
        
        right now it's not very good.
        
        the api i was using for statistics is a paid service but since I
        only signed up for the trial version, i've already ran out of http
        requests.
        
        the text user interface has limited functionality. you can basically
        either view nfl teams or popular players. that, coupled with the
        broken update mechanism, makes this program pretty worthless. i have a few hardcoded players and there is only names but no stats.
        
        Originally i wanted to query for information just once, place the data
        into a database, and only query again if the information was not present.
        the database.py file was giving me a bunch of runtime errors that was
        simply taking too long, so i stopped working on it.
        
        I'm definitely going to keep working on this. I envision a program interface similar to emacs or vim, and I want to give the user the ability to customize her commands and see personalized fantasy football stuff, as well as get 
        updates by email or text.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
